RFP 0

This paper deals with internet security.

I do not believe that we have any problems 
with computing power, memory, hardware or 
software. 

I strongly believe that we have a big 
problem in how we think about many aspects 
of internet security.

I am writting this paper as an individual, 
not associated with any company.

This paper starts as a github repository wtt
from the user kolewttd.

That is my user name, but it is designed to 
be public. For the purposes of discussion, 
I designed it that way.

Is it possible to have a single root repository, 
that would contain all other repositories in the 
Public Domain.

Do internet standards and other relevant protocol make 
distinction between public and private domains?

If not, would that distinction be a good one? I do not 
know. Let us try. 

Steps:
1. rm -rf wtt
2. git clone https://github.com/kolewttd/wtt
3. ls  - to see whatsthere
            - if you find something interesting
                        think
                        change

                        or 

                        do not think
                        change
4. think
5. go away
123. thin
2343423 th
32434232 t
23424234234 
4. think
Go to Step 1

Do not forget to commit. Be careful what you commit. 
Junk is everywhere. Be careful what you think.

In any event, do not be afraid to commit.

More formally, the process is the following:
1. Find something interesting
2. Explore

When you find something interesting. Without thinking 
give it some name and make a directory.

In that way, by participation we are collecting our own 
data. It is the hope that we can learn from such data. 

2. Produce junk

Junk is everywhere. More than 95 of this repository will
be junk. Even good parts are junk. Do not be afraid to 
produce junk. We incourage people to clean up their junk.

But none can be punished for producing junk and if you want to 
clean things up:

rm -rf <directory>

is often useful.

Do not think about the broken github API for programers, 
think about what this really means. It is not easy, and 
no one else will be able to give you any kind of 
guidence in these matters. So do not be afraid to produce junk.

Junk is all around us. In useless apps and APIs. They are 
nevertheless useful, if you want to solve all these AI I am 
not a robot challenges which try to make people robots.

When I see such a challenge, I immediately close the app. 

I am against the junk on the Public Domain APIs.  

The situation is complicated. I want you to produce junk and 
I do not want to see junk?

Let us call this the junk paradox. 

This junk paradox has a simple natural solution.

Ignore it

You will always produce junk. But at every folowing 
iteration you will probably produce less junk.

How do you measure that?

It is certainly true that it would be easy to collect data.

I am not sure what conclusion could we make, but that is not 
important. We collect more data, analyse, test, make 
experiments, and so on to the next iteration of junk.

Since none of us is qualified to determine how anybody else 
should live, we begin with the most simple situation.

Assume that there exist just a single root github repository.
If we assume that one linux operating system is the 
whole universe, that would be isomorphic.

Who should have the key?

I believe just to Linus. There are only
a few capable of dealing with such presures. 
Who would even want to have that key?

CHAPTER 1

We start with a single github project. Since it is not obvious 
apriori, who should have the key, the assumption is that 
no one should have a key.

That means that any one must be able to read, write and execute
on the servers that serve The Public API, with no unnecessary costs

REQUIRMENT

The Public Domain API requires root access for everyone.

That implies that every one should be able to have the root access to 
all of the infrastracture that falls under public domain.

The firewall and encryption would only 
introduce complications and problems we do not need.

It does not make sense to encrypt trafic which would fall 
under public domain.

Encryption and any manipulation of plain text that does not
need to be done, should not be done.


CHAPTER 2

Thinking is hard, so we start small. Up until this point 
we have a single github repository with no key.

Let us design The Law API

REQUIREMENTS
1. Everyone can ssh, curl, nmap, grep, git, read, write, execute

on any part of this critical infrastructure

Trivial Implementation

Impact: critical

CHAPTER 3

As before, let us have just one single github repository and no
key. In practice, we need the key. But if everyone has the key, 
the situation is the same, as if no one has the key and everyone 
has access. 


Axiom 1.

We are created equal. No one can make a GET
request with -rf options. Everyone can make a 
DELETE request with -rf, which never fails.

Axiom 2. 

IGNORE never fails

Is it possible to implement it? What does that even mean?
What will we learn?
