The goal of this experiment is to design, develop, 
change, The Public Domain API.

Somewhere in the commit history there will be a mention
of two most important public domain APIs. We call these 
moneyapi and lawapi. I believe that those are two of the
most important questions for the interaction of people,
networking, internet. I also believe that everyone 
should have the same right to read, write and execute 
on those APIs. Everyone should have the root access.

This does not have to be true, but I can still assume
that everyone has the same rights and root access.

That is the most general and fair assumption. It does 
not help you solve any problem.

No one has more right than anybody else to impose any 
more structure. 

If you think about it, the rights to read, write and 
express yourself through execute, are basic human 
rights.

Important Note

This is not a quest for human rights. This is not the battle
against corporations.

In other words, the subject of our discussion is The Public 
Domain API. Buisnesses, private persons and governments can
do whatever they like. We do not care. We expect little 
help from them. We prepare ourself for junk.

Most importantly, we are dealing with the simple cases first.

For example, we do not want to discuss whether X is a public
or private API. I would argue that it is a private API 
because its main drive is profit not, public concerns. Same 
with others. Also, we do not care, if these private 
APIs will ever become public APIs. It would be good, but 
the more likely scenario is that they are not going to 
survive. 

Non-existence of public APIs ensures users, which they just
see like junk, going in, to produce advertising revenue.

It is remarkable how these products and services are bad.

They do not at all deal with simple cases. Just add layers
and layers, and layers of features, adds, authentication, 
junk and so on. 

I think that all these companies and applications are 
a horrible example of the use of technology. That is how 
we should not do it.

That also does not say how to do it. And you, or anyone else,
does not have a right to push in any direction, any more 
then anybody else.

Let me try to illustrate. There is a public domain API.


